Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.

They had just come up--unfortunately--to see doctors.  Other people
came to see pictures; go to the opera; take their daughters out;
the Whitbreads came "to see doctors."  Times without number
Clarissa had visited Evelyn Whitbread in a nursing home.  Was
Evelyn ill again?  Evelyn was a good deal out of sorts, said Hugh,
intimating by a kind of pout or swell of his very well-covered,
manly, extremely handsome, perfectly upholstered body (he was
almost too well dressed always, but presumably had to be, with his
little job at Court) that his wife had some internal ailment,
nothing serious, which, as an old friend, Clarissa Dalloway would
quite understand without requiring him to specify.  Ah yes, she did
of course; what a nuisance; and felt very sisterly and oddly
conscious at the same time of her hat.  Not the right hat for the
early morning, was that it?  For Hugh always made her feel, as he
bustled on, raising his hat rather extravagantly and assuring her
that she might be a girl of eighteen, and of course he was coming
to her party to-night, Evelyn absolutely insisted, only a little
late he might be after the party at the Palace to which he had to
take one of Jim's boys,--she always felt a little skimpy beside
Hugh; schoolgirlish; but attached to him, partly from having known
him always, but she did think him a good sort in his own way,
though Richard was nearly driven mad by him, and as for Peter
Walsh, he had never to this day forgiven her for liking him.

It was the state of
the world that interested him; Wagner, Pope's poetry, people's
characters eternally, and the defects of her own soul.  How he
scolded her!  How they argued!  She would marry a Prime Minister
and stand at the top of a staircase; the perfect hostess he called
her (she had cried over it in her bedroom), she had the makings of
the perfect hostess, he said.

Not a straw, she thought, going on up Bond Street to a shop where
they kept flowers for her when she gave a party.  Elizabeth really
cared for her dog most of all.  The whole house this morning smelt
of tar.  Still, better poor Grizzle than Miss Kilman; better
distemper and tar and all the rest of it than sitting mewed in a
stuffy bedroom with a prayer book!  Better anything, she was
inclined to say.  But it might be only a phase, as Richard said,
such as all girls go through.  It might be falling in love.  But
why with Miss Kilman? who had been badly treated of course; one
must make allowances for that, and Richard said she was very able,
had a really historical mind.  Anyhow they were inseparable, and
Elizabeth, her own daughter, went to Communion; and how she
dressed, how she treated people who came to lunch she did not care
a bit, it being her experience that the religious ecstasy made
people callous (so did causes); dulled their feelings, for Miss
Kilman would do anything for the Russians, starved herself for the
Austrians, but in private inflicted positive torture, so
insensitive was she, dressed in a green mackintosh coat.  

And as she began to go with Miss Pym from jar to jar, choosing,
nonsense, nonsense, she said to herself, more and more gently, as
if this beauty, this scent, this colour, and Miss Pym liking her,
trusting her, were a wave which she let flow over her and surmount
that hatred, that monster, surmount it all; and it lifted her up
and up when--oh! a pistol shot in the street outside!

And, she said, nothing should separate them.  She sat down beside
him and called him by the name of that hawk or crow which being
malicious and a great destroyer of crops was precisely like him.
No one could separate them, she said.